In this lesson I'm going to provide you with some other ideas as to what you can test with these skills
you now have.
So throughout the last 15 videos you learned everything you need to know in order to test your express
applications to kick things off.
In this lesson we'll talk about some of the other tests you could create for this project with the skills
you now have.
Now there are two ways we could go about this.
We could have five or six more videos added on to the section where we write tests with techniques we
already know how to use.
Or I could just provide you with a list of additional tests you could create.
And that's what we're going to go with.
So we can continue on to more exciting new content.
So over in the browser you can find this list over at links.
Dot Mead dot I O forward slash extra tests when you visit this.
It's going to redirect you over to a get hub just with some ideas for other test cases you could create
and you have all of the skills necessary to create all of these should you choose to.
You're more than welcome to continue on to the next section and start the content on real time web applications.
Otherwise here are some ideas for user tests as an example.
You could make sure that you can't sign up a user with an invalid name email or password.
This could actually be three separate test cases.
Another example you should not be able to delete a user if you're on authenticated and down below we
have even more ideas for testing.
Are tasks as we created less of those together.
So right here for an example should not create task with invalid description or completed value should
delete user task.
So when I'm logged in I should be able to delete my own task or others like should fetch only incomplete
tasks.
There I'm using one of the filters that I setup.
Now if you actually go ahead and create any of these do share your work over in the course Q and A.
If you have any questions about the work you're doing when you're creating these if you get stuck.
Once again feel free to ask a question in the Q and A and as always we will work with you to get unstuck
and back on track.
All right.
That's where we're gonna stop for this video and that's where we're going to stop.
For our section on testing we now know how to test our no J.S. applications in the next video which
is the section introduction for the next section.
We're gonna die in two real time web applications.
I'm really excited to get to that.
So let's go ahead and jump right in.